This is Mark's diary for the Git Usage assignment



This is the initial commit and day #1 for the Git Usage assignment.



This is day #2

Today is Tuesday. My invitation to my great classmate, Sven, did not play out well, even though I messaged him yesterday that I sent him the repository invite.
He even said "Okay" but did not accept the invite, which greatly saddens me.

In other news, I went to the Mcdonald's and gave both managers (who wrote me out of the schedule so that I could recover) a chocolate each.
They appreciated it quite a lot. I also got a Mcdonald's Tshirt and 25 euro bol.com gift card, which was an unexpected, but greatly appreciated gift.


This is day #3

Today is Wednesday. I haven't done much today, but watched the MotoGP and ate some fries & snitzel. I might go and meet up with Goncalo later today.
Sadly, Sven still did not accept the invitation to the repository. 
For the group project resit, I have done my part: added all the chapters and added more than half of the Technical advice as well. Hopefully, everyone will do their part soon and we can be done!


This is day #4

This is a bit late. but I was busy all day so I sadly, forgot to do the commit earlier. Had a good day i would say, but kinda sad how much everyone else is caring about the resits.


This is day #5

Sven got the git assignment now as well so now we are doing great! Today is a free day I'll just be packing my bags, nothing else.


This is day #6

Today is also free. Alicia passed everything so I'm happy. I am going to pack a lot more of my stuff because my vacation is here soon! That's it for today.


This is day #7

Today is Sunday, I can't wait to watch the F1 race and the MotoGP race today. Max got pretty unfortunate, but I believe in him. Tomorrow I'll document how the race went. Other than that, just more packing for today.


This is day #8

I may have spoken a bit too soon since Max got even more unfortunate. Kimi had a small skill issue, but happens since he is still a rookie.
I also found out I'll have Dutch classes next year, which is going to be inconventient, but it is what it is.


This is day #9

Almost done with packing so I'm happy. Also, it seems I won't be getting any psychologist since I got no followup after Iris' email. It's pretty sad, but I hope the summer will calm me down enough.


This is day #10

Today, I haven't done anything and probably won't either since I'm done with packing. I'll provably just take the day off to just chill and relax for the rest of the day.


This is day #11

I have finally handed in everything for the resit. I still have one last commit other than this one, but hopefully it's all going to be okay. Tomorrow my vacation is starting as well, I can't wait!